add support link to RC note (#21794)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/automatic_instrumentation/dd_libraries/java.md

   **Note:** To download the latest build of a specific **major** version, use the `https://dtdg.co/java-tracer-vX` link instead, where `X` is the desired major version.
   For example, use `https://dtdg.co/java-tracer-v1` for the latest version 1 build. Minor version numbers must not be included. Alternatively, see Datadog's [Maven repository][3] for any specific version.

>    **Note**: Release Candidate versions are made available in GitHub [DataDog/dd-trace-java releases][21]. These have "RC" in the version and are recommended for testing outside of your production environment. You can [subscribe to GitHub release notifications][20] to be informed when new Release Candidates are available for testing. Please report any problems with Release Candidates to [Datadog support][22].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Note**: Release Candidate versions are made available in GitHub [DataDog/dd-trace-java releases][21]. These have "RC" in the version and are recommended for testing outside of your production environment. You can [subscribe to GitHub release notifications][20] to be informed when new Release Candidates are available for testing. If you experience any issues with Release Candidates, reach out to [Datadog support][22].
```
